"But when I leave you remember I said, with the last words on my lips,
I am a revolutionary. And you're going to have to keep on saying that. 
You're going to have to say that I am a proletariat. I am the people. 
I'm not the pig. You've got to make a distinction. 
And the people are going to have to attack the pig. 
But when I leave you remember I said, with the last words on my lips, I am a revolutionary."

We won't be led to slaughter
This is self-genocide
It's the hand of the people that's getting tenser now
And when we rise up…
Woo, I feel it coming down because

You lived your life in the sunshine
You bought your way out of Hell
You paid the toll with the souls of your people
Then you absconded to the tower up on the hill
Until way down in the valley
You heard a terrible sound
The killing noise that just followed you closer and closer
Until it found you out and read the charges that brought you down
You took the names of the masters
You burned your children for Baal
Hey, you sold your sons and your daughters for silver
And gave over everyone and everything for your will
You made a whore of the struggle
You made a joke of our shame
So this time we're gonna break down the breakdown of meaning
This is a final execution
It's our endgame

We won't be led to slaughter
This is self-genocide
It's the hand of the people that's getting tenser now
And when we rise up…
Woo, I feel it coming down

When everything that was solid
Finally melts into air
And the champagne runs sour
Will we finally have your ear?
It should be murder for murder
For what you did to the cause
It should be straight retribution
But we're your flesh and your blood
We're your fate and your fortune
The promise you couldn't keep
Reconcentration of power
The terror under the street
We are the fight for survival
The sum of all your defeat
The sum of all your betrayal
The love that you'd have to die just to feel

We won't be led to slaughter
This is self-genocide
It's the hand of the people that's getting tenser now
And when we rise up…
Woo, I feel it coming down

"I'm not the pig"